-Freedom!
Les: Where's Richard?
Janet: He's taking
a mini signed sabbatical
to care for a loved one.
-What's up?
Steffy: Mike.
this is my old friend. Lulu.
-Mic Drop.
-You are just one
signature away.
-I should probably have
my lawyer look at this first.
-An NDA.
-[screams]
-You are good people.
Les: Not now. Nils.
I'm onto something bigger.
-What's the fuckin' plan?
-Ah...
-I thought you were gonna
save me.
-No. Les and the team
are gonna solve
the formula eventually.
Like. they're so close.
They're--
-[screams]
-He looks happy.
Vivienne: I think Mr. Magoo
is having a seizure.
Les: I have to go home.
It's a family emergency.
People could be dead.
-I will save myself.
Come on. fucker.
So that's my phone.
I'm impressed.
-No. Mom. stop. Do not move.
Oh. fuck.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[clock ticking]
Dr. Carmichael: This session.
Beginning at the beginning.
Childhood.
This is when family dysfunction
often makes its way known
into our adult relationships.
Lindy.
-Hmm.
-Describe your childhood
in one word.
-Cold.
-Uh-hmm.
Uh-hmm.
Les.
-Yeah.
-Describe your childhood
in one word.
-Happy.
-Uh-huh.
Happy.
Okay. Now. Les.
this session
is what I like to call
the Check Engine Light Is On.
And we need to locate
what needs service.
But in order to start
that repair. Les.
we need to dig deep
to diagnose it.
Does that make sense?
-Sure.
Dig. Dig deep.
-That's right.
Les: Yeah.
-Very good.
So digging deeper.
describe your childhood
in one word.
-Joyful.
-Deeper.
-Idyllic.
-Deeper still. Les.
-Loving?
-Okay.
[dramatic music playing]
-I'm gonna change tack.
Lindy...
-Uh-hmm.
-...from your perspective.
how would you describe
Les' childhood. one word?
-Delusional.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-It means your mother created
a fantasy childhood for you.
-Is she qualified
to make these
psychological hypotheses?
-Hypotheses?
It's not hypothesis.
Your mother told me.
-Hmm.
-What?
Lindy: Nancy told me.
She was protecting you
from your hypercritical
controlling father.
-She is misinterpreting my
dad's tough love as critical.
-Was it Nancy who called it
tough love?
-Yeah. Was. And I believe her.
-Delusional.
["Dance of the Sugar
Plum Fairy" playing]
-I mean.
he has gone fucking mad.
-Yeah. He's just--
he's been at it all night.
Just moving. searching.
taping it.
Ugh.
-Look at that trap.
It's ridiculous.
Shrinks my laptop as bait?
Ugh. Get outta here.
[scoffs]
-Hey. hey. hey.
Yeah. sure.
Maybe it's not his best work.
but he's obviously
worried about you.
-Uh. no.
He is worried
because he can't control me.
-Maybe control
is his love language.
-Well. maybe that sucks.
Richard.
I mean. if he catches me.
who knows what
he'll lock me up in next?
-I can see
from your point of view
how that could suck.
-Yeah.
-But look.
we could easily outsmart
that rudimentary trap
and just obtain the laptop.
send him a little email.
Put his mind at ease.
-We're not obtaining anything.
that defeats the purpose.
-No. Yeah. I know that--
Wait. remind me?
-We are proving
my independence.
-We...
-Me. I--
Okay. I don't need a laptop.
I have my phone.
-Got it.
-So. let's just...
-Do you want a little help
with that?
-I got it.
[grunts]
[phone chiming]
-Oh. Whoever Terry is.
he or she really wants
to get ahold of you.
-Ah. yeah.
She's my first call.
Richard: Your story.
they published it.
-No!
-Yeah!
-No.
-Ohh. Oh. God. Oh.
-[laughs]
-They love you.
[phone chiming]
-Who's they?
-Uh. everyone.
-Wait. everyone?
-Like. every--everyone.
Everyone. Look. look. it's--
[laughs] everyone.
I mean. you know.
my mom says saying
"I told you so" is tacky.
but I told you so.
Lindy: Breathtaking?
Worth waiting for?
Everyone loves me.
[laughs]
[phone ringing]
-You better be sitting
in a dark room
with the curtains drawn.
-I'm viral.
I'm "Cat Person" viral. Me.
I'm viral.
-Like a bad flu. Look. Lindy.
Lindy:
I thought I'd been forgotten.
discarded. a has-been.
but it turns out they were
waiting for me patiently
and they still love me.
-Reality check.
you didn't fucking write it.
-It's not about the story.
It's about my fans
and that they love me.
That they still love me.
-You're basking
in make-believe glory.
This is a ticking time bomb
that is going to blow.
-Wait a minute. You--
You told me that you were
gonna disarm the bomb.
-I tried. Okay?
I--I flew Jackie
out to New York.
was out-negotiated by hayseeds.
Had sex with a cowboy
in an elevator.
never got his name.
-Oh. my God. And?
-It was wonderful.
He was wonderful.
-You need to find him.
-Oh. I have to find him.
-Hey. Uh. 50 Shades of Pay
on the line.
-E.L. or the assistant?
-E.L. Lindy's nuts.
It's chef's kiss.
-I can hear him.
Terry: Lindy. listen to me.
We have a chance to fix this.
We still have plausible
deniability.
So just do nothing.
I mean. fucking nothing.
Say nothing.
Do you hear me?
Lindy: Yes.
Do and say nothing.
-The. um. "Today" show
wants an interview.
-The "Today" show?
-The "Today" show.
-Wants me?
The "Today" show wants me?
Wait.
-Wait. No. no. Look.
On Zoom. you'll be regular size.
-No. I...
I can't. Oh. my God.
I--okay.
I--this is not--
I can't. really.
I mean. I absolutely cannot.
I--no. I mean. there's no way.
I'm absolutely not doing
the "Today" show. Oh. my--
I can't do the "Today" show.
-Okay. Listen to me.
Listen. listen. I know--
I know--
I know you're scared.
I know it's been a minute
since you've been the toast
of the literary town.
-Yes. But...
-But this is Jenna.
-Jenna?
-Pulitzer Prize winner
Lindy Littlejohn. okay?
The world. we've waited
long enough.
This is your time.
-It's my time.
-Are you kidding?
This is your time.
-It's my time. I...
-Just say it.
-Here's the thing though. Oh.
-Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
Too much talking in the head.
-Book it.
-We're gonna book it.
-Book it!
[both screams]
-I'm gonna be
on the "Today" show.
"Today" show!
-[phone beeping]
-Okay. Okay. Okay.
Excited. excited.
-Wait.
-Bad news. The. um. the phone
is out of battery.
It's dead. Um...
-Why didn't you get
the charger?
-[grunting]
-[phone clatters]
-Oh! Ah!
Uh. just a thought.
don't kill the messenger.
How about we just get the...
-If you say laptop.
we're not getting the laptop.
-La. la. la. la. la.
-No. no. no. no.
We are gonna go get the charger
because the charger
equals independence.
[Les snoring]
Richard: He should have used
a more sensitive trigger.
I just think the...
-Okay. You need to let it go.
Richie.
-Okay.
-We're not going
for the laptop.
-Sure.
Nancy: Les?
-We gotta hide.
-Huh?
-The couch.
-[heavy footsteps approaching]
Get on.
-Oh. wait for me.
Wait for me.
-Get on.
-Les.
-[Les snoring]
-Les?
Les.
-[Les gasps. snorts]
-It's okay. It's okay. dear.
It's me. It's Mom.
-Oh. Oh.
-Are you--
are you having
a nervous breakdown?
It--it's okay if you are.
I could call Lindy. Which...
-You're in the wrong zone.
You gotta be in the Les zone.
This--do not walk outside
the Les zone.
-Les.
-Yes. Keep your--
keep your voice down.
Let me check your shoes.
Oh. God.
Oh. good. Oh. good.
She's not there.
-Les. Les.
Les. Les. Les.
-Yeah.
-I am very worried about you.
-No. Mom. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm okay. I'm good. I'm good.
We--uh. I'm just--
uh. I've been.
um. remodeling the house
for Lindy as a surprise.
-Oh.
-Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Uh. and I'm worried
about you being up here.
It's dangerous.
So we should go--
we should go downstairs.
Come on. Come on.
Yeah.
-I think you are unwell.
-No. it's fine.
It's the fumes.
It's the fumes from the floor.
That's the whole thing.
-What?
-So. all right. Okay.
So. we're on the move.
And. um. we're gonna go...
-Uh-hmm.
-...downstairs
in the Les zone.
No. you got to stay!
-Oh. oh.
-You must. Mom. You gotta stay
in the Les zone.
-Oh. in the Les zone.
-Yeah. Okay. See?
We're good. See? Les zone.
That's it.
Down we go. We're going down.
-Okay. We gotta move.
Richard!
-Huh? Yeah.
You know. I. uh--
I miss my mom.
-Yeah. Les.
Les has a really good mom.
You know. Nancy. uh.
she shielded him
from reality too much
and also from his dad though.
who was. wow.
but Nancy. no. she's a--
yeah. she's a mom mom.
The kind I always wished
I had-- Imagined.
what would I be like
if I did have.
Hmm.
-I think I need a minute.
-Yeah. Yeah. we can--
we can take a minute.
-Okay. Mom. So. you know.
we agreed last night
with a change of plans
and Magoo's with Lindy
and I'm--I'm working
and Lulu's here at home.
but she's in and out and she's
doing her thing that.
you know. you should--
you should probably just--
you should go home.
Okay? Okay?
-Les.
-Yeah.
-I don't believe you.
-Which part?
-Every part. dear.
-I'm acting perfectly normal.
-The last-minute remodeling?
-[groans]
Nancy: The fumes
that I did not smell.
The Les zone.
Lindy's disappearance?
-"Lindy's disappearance"?
That's a little Dateline.
"The husband was the last one
to see her."
She's at the gray house. Mom.
Okay? Other than that.
I do not see my behavior
as bizarre.
I am working really hard.
I am very stressed out
and I'm not sleeping very well.
but I'm fine. Mom.
I'm fine. Okay?
I'm fine.
-Sure. dear.
When you're ready to talk.
I'm right here.
-We talked and I'm good.
but it is too dangerous
for you here.
Okay?
-I promise
I will stay downstairs.
away from these fumes.
but I am not leaving
until I know you're okay.
One last thing.
-Yes. Mom.
-When was the last time
you showered. dear?
-[Les sniffs]
-Okay.
Richard: Whoo!
Let's get that charger.
Now you just have to scale
the vertical surface
using the floss.
like a rock climber
would a rope.
You just... [sucks teeth]
all the way up.
-I can't do one pull-up.
Richie.
-But you have the power
of the square-cube law
behind you.
-See. why even pause.
just explain.
-Okay. Simple math.
As our size decreased.
our proportional strength.
that increased.
It's like. um. ants.
-I fuckin' hate ants.
-Yes. but ant math
is never wrong.
-Okay. Well. you're tiny too.
so you do it.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
But this is your independence.
Math is freedom.
Freedom is independence. Go!
[tense music playing]
-Right.
[exhales]
It's gonna--
yeah. it's not gonna...
-What are you--
what are you doing?
-I'm conjuring
my inner freedom math.
-This is exciting.
-[door closes]
-[tense music plays]
-Should we hide?
-No. no. Shh.
Les: I'm walking through
the foyer in the Les zone.
I'm leaving for the lab.
but I'd still love
to hear from you.
-Wait. wait.
-[door opens]
Les: Now I've opened
the front door. Martin?
Martin:
You never answer your phone.
-Martin? We're in the clear.
He's never lettin' Martin
in here.
-Yeah.
But Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom is...
-Mom is in the basement
and she's a rule-follower.
She'll stay there.
It's Lulu.
We don't have eyes on Lulu.
So. tick-tock.
You gotta help me.
-Oh. yeah.
I'm gonna help you.
[phone dings and vibrates]
[phone chimes]
[Lulu breathes deeply]
-Intense.
Lindy: I remember the moment
I discovered my mother
was a liar.
-Too intense.
Mike: You're too intense.
Lulu: You.
-Me.
-Why?
-Roommate?
-Well...
-Sure.
-Stop.
Mike: What?
-You suck.
-And you probably suck more.
-Okay. so I was a dick.
Sorry.
-You didn't insult me.
-Oh. you don't go
to Forest Park?
-No. I do.
I just don't give a fuck
about what you think.
Who's Wendy Presid?
-Wendy? What?
-Yeah. she left a pretty hefty
bar tab last night.
-She sounds like a good time.
-You both had whiskey sours.
She paid for your tab.
but then left her credit card.
Huh.
Okay. why don't you
just fucking say it?
-Credit card fraud.
-So. what is this?
Is this a shirtless
citizen's arrest?
-No badge.
-Nowhere to pin it.
-I'm only asking.
-Only you asking?
-Only me.
-Good.
It's a stupid question anyway.
Okay. I'm gonna go.
-Well. happy reading. Wendy.
-You ran out saying
someone could be dead.
-Yeah. Lindy is--
Lindy is having a hard time.
-Is she sick?
-No. she's unwell.
-Oh. Look.
I am happy to stay with Lindy.
-No. she's at the gray house.
-Oh. but you rushed home.
-She left this morning
'cause she's emotionally unwell.
-Oh. right. yeah.
Should--Should she be alone?
-No. Gary and Meg are nearby.
It's a lot. Martin.
There's a lot to keep
in my head. okay?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
barista: Quad for Les.
herbal tea for Martin.
Les: Bob?
Oh. oh. fuck!
-Another quad for Les.
Les: Is that Nils with Bob?
-[grunting]
-Ca-Ca--Careful. Yes!
[bird chirping]
Richard: Keep going!
Almost there.
Yes! You did it!
-Whoo!
Oh. I love math!
-I know. right?
It's. like. it's never wrong.
Uh. and the charger?
-On it!
Oh. okay.
[whimsical music playing]
[Christmas music playing]
Les: Big smile. Ready.
ready and...
[camera shutter clicks]
-Okay. All right.
Ready?
-Ready. ready. ready?
-Three. two. one.
-Merry Christmas!
-A dollhouse.
It's just like our house.
-Yeah. Daddy's been working
on this for months.
-Oh. it was Mommy's idea.
-Well. I knew you liked
the one Steffy had.
-This is way better
than Steffy.
-And look. the lights work.
See?
Lindy: Wow!
Wait. wait. who do we have here?
-Me and you.
-Oh. where's Daddy?
-He's at work.
-Yeah.
arguing with the mean people
from Monsanto
and the Organic
Produce Alliance.
Young Lulu: Mommy's at home.
-Oh. yes. But Mommy
is in her office. working.
-No. but Mommy's watching TV.
-Uh. no.
Mommy is at her desk writing.
-No. she's watching TV.
-[sighs]
-I'm the architect
of my own prison.
Not anymore.
[dramatic music playing]
[Lindy sighs]
Okay. You got this.
[grunts]
[groans. screams]
-Lindy! You all right?
Lindy: Yeah.
Whoo!
[grunting]
[whimsical music playing]
-[laughing]
Freedom!
Oh. shit.
Richard: I. uh--I'm fine.
-[pants]
[sighs]
-Grandma.
-Oh. you are a sight. dear.
[laughs]
-I'm hungover. grandma.
and I'm not the legal
drinking age.
Do you hate me?
-Never. dear.
I appreciate your honesty.
Don't lose that quality.
-Yeah. I think I was a little
too honest last night.
-Oh. well.
booze will do that.
-I'm so glad you're here.
I don't even know or care why.
-Oh. crossed wires
with your dad.
Have you told him
"Fuck science" yet?
-Grandma.
-Your words.
Or that you flunked out
of college?
-Sounds worse when you say it.
-Is that not accurate?
-No. it's just... fuck.
-What do you got there?
-Oh. Mom's book.
-Oh.
-Apparently.
I'm just like her.
-Well. I'd take that
as a compliment.
-I don't think
that's how she meant it.
-I think you'll be surprised.
[whimsical music playing]
Les: Morning. Bob.
-I didn't see you.
Les: But I saw you.
Nils. lattes. plural.
-I can explain.
-Yes. you can. and you will.
I know you can't
help yourself. Bob.
-Technically speaking.
I did not break the conditions
stipulated in my NDA.
I answered questions solely
related to my brother-in-law
and his experiences at MedBot.
-Then why are you
so nervous. Bob?
-My brother-in-law alleges
that once Hilton's company
became the primary investor.
they illegally
acquired his tech.
-Illegally acquired?
-Oh. you know.
as per my attorney.
I must qualify. allegedly.
Hilton's legal chicanery
is airtight
and I mean airtight.
-How did Hilton
illegally acquire
your brother-in-law's
tech. Bob?
-Well. they closed ranks.
had my brother-in-law
removed. allegedly.
Vivienne: Gentlemen.
both: We didn't see you.
-We need to talk.
both: Me?
-Not you. Les. you.
It's important.
[tense music playing]
Lindy: Okay. The "Today" show.
I need to make a new
first impression
tomorrow morning.
What?
-[beep]
-Okay. For your information.
I gave Jackie Baldwin
extensive notes.
No one would even care
about the story
if it didn't have my name on it.
Les took everything from me.
Look at me. I'm--I could be
six inches tall forever.
So I need this.
I need this one thing.
I tried. Okay?
Writing is hard.
And the pressure
on a second book
after winning the--pfft.
I mean. it's paralyzing.
I'm on my own.
I need you to tell me it's okay.
Please...
...tell me I'm independent.
Tell me it's my turn.
Tell me.
It's mine.
Me.
Me? The Bordeaux.
Thank you.
-How's the second book coming?
-[scoffs]
It's not.
-But it will.
Do you remember how much
Gary and I struggled
when we were first starting
the artisanal vitamin business?
It was. what?
-Oh. like nine and a half months
before we made a single sale.
-Nine and a half months
-Yeah. but look at us now.
Meg: Barely able to keep up
with demand.
Gary: Yeah.
-And it is absolutely
gonna be the same for you.
-Same for you.
-No. it's not.
It's not the same... at all.
It's absolutely
not the same at all.
-How is little Lulu?
How was her Christmas?
-Yes.
-Oh. we knocked it out...
-We--I...
-...of the park.
-Best parents ever.
Show 'em. show 'em the pictures.
-Oh. yeah.
-Oh.
Lindy: Yeah.
You should see this dollhouse.
-Oh. well. there she is.
-Uh-huh. That's amazing. Right?
-Cute. huh?
-What a sweetie.
Gary: What a sweetie.
So. Les. what have you been
working on these days?
I mean. RIP GMO tomato.
-Oh. yeah.
Gary: Yeah.
Meg: RIP GMO tomato.
-But it did bring you
success though.
-You know. it did bring you
some success.
Gary: Yeah.
-Well. I do have a little...
[tongue clicks] germ of an idea.
which I'm pretty excited about.
Gary: Mmm.
-You do?
Les: Yeah. It's early days.
but. um. I think I can say
confidently
that it does have the potential
to change the world.
-Has the potential
to change the world?
-Change the world.
-I like the sound of that.
-I like the sound of that too.
-But. honey. it's my turn.
Remember?
-Well. actually.
it's still my turn. sweetheart.
I do remember.
-Sorry. we don't.
What is--what is the--
what is the turns thing?
-Oh. well. we take turns
supporting each other.
So he supported me
through my first book
and I supported him
through the first tomato.
And now it's my turn again.
Gary: Right.
-He needs to support me
for the second book. See? Turns.
-No. because your turn
won you the Pulitzer
and my turn is yet to win me
the Nobel.
-The Nobel.
Very funny. [laughter]
-[both laughing]
-Are you fucking joking? Honey?
-Not at all.
I'm not at all. sweetheart.
-But the Nobel.
I mean. that could be never.
-That's how turns work. right?
That's...
-Your turn ended with the tomato
that put you on the science map.
But then went splat. followed by
your imminent termination
from Monsanto.
followed by our housekeeper
finding him naked.
crying on the bed.
-Oh.
-Depression is a bitch.
-Hmm. Yeah.
-Oh. you know what?
Should we take a visit
to the Arch?
Meg: Ooh. The Arch.
Gary: The Arch.
Les: How dare you
tell Gary and Meg
about my naked crying? Huh?
That was me
at my most vulnerable.
That was a secret between us.
Lindy: How dare you tell them
your germ of an idea
before me.
Especially when this got me
trapped in St. Louis.
And it's your turn until you win
the Nobel? That's new.
-Not everyone. Lindy.
lucks into their prize
on the first try.
-Lucks?
-You know what I mean.
-I think I do.
-Point is how can I trust you...
-Oh. fuck.
-...if you're gonna expose me
like that?
-Don't trust me then.
just don't tell me
anything ever again.
-Fine.
-I won't. I won't.
-Good. Me too.
-Great.
secrets from now on. Yeah.
-Secrets.
-Need a secret.
-Love a secret.
But it is my turn.
[thrilling music playing]
My fucking turn.
-Uh-uh. It's my turn.
you understand me?
-It's my fucking turn.
It's my fucking turn.
it's my fucking turn.
[both moaning]
-It's my fuckin' turn.
My fuckin' turn.
[suspenseful music playing]
-I can't take
any more bad cat news.
[cat meows]
So is this behavior normal?
I don't know how to feel.
What...
-You should feel good.
-Really?
Vivienne:
Mr. Magoo has diabetes.
I stabilized his blood sugar
and he's going to be fine.
-So the seizures have nothing
to do with miniaturization?
-Completely unrelated.
-[sighs]
So she's going to live--
I mean he.
He. he's going to live.
-There is more good news. Look.
That is a sample
of Mr. Magoo's muscle tissue.
The rapid expansion process
might cause fragmentation
in the atomic bonds.
leaving them too fragile
to hold.
-So we need to--
we need to slow the reaction.
-To allow the nuclei time...
-[snaps finger]
To form stronger bonds.
-Stronger bonds are fundamental
in the expansion of any
fragile connection
or alliance.
-Oh. I agree.
[snaps]
-We need a neutron moderator.
[♪♪♪]
V. the bond.
equals V naught...
-Times the exponential of...
-Negative R
divided by lambda.
-I see it. Keep going.
-H-hat equals
negative H-bar squared over...
-Don't stop.
-...and over. over. over. um.
two times the mass
of the nucleus.
uh.
times the Laplacian operator.
-Yes.
-Um. and was. uh. V. uh.
multiplied by R?
-Yes. Yes.
-Yes? Oh. God.
-Yes.
-God. this is what I've been...
-Yeah.
-...missing.
We should. uh...
both: Check the math.
-Mom is a good writer.
Like. good.
-Well. she won an award. dear.
-I know.
but I didn't know-know.
Like. look. the book
is really funny.
but it's also deeply sad.
Grandma. it's making me--
there's just so much
I'm connecting about Mom.
Grandma Diane. me.
It's like. I might need
to rethink my thoughts.
-Well. you're coming of age
reading about your mom
coming of age.
-That's deep. Grandma.
[notification chimes]
[phone buzzing]
[indistinct TV chatter]
-Grandma. turn on Channel 5.
[people speaking
indistinctly on TV]
-We are talking to
Pulitzer Prize-winning author
Lindy Littlejohn about her
sensational new short story.
"Untitled On Purpose."
-What?
-...a huge viral sensation.
-Lindy looks terrific.
-Lindy. could you possibly
have expected
the reaction to be
anything like this?
-Oh. Jenna. I--
nothing about this experience
is what I expected.
[chuckles]
Jenna: The story is just so...
-Mom wrote something?
-I always knew she would.
-Did you know
you were writing something
so provocative?
-You know.
everything I write
provokes someone.
right. Jenna?
[chuckles] Yeah.
Jenna: Very true.
-Well. you famously
fictionalized
your difficult relationship
with your mother
in My Rainbow
Starts With Black.
one of my all-time
favorite books.
Lindy: Oh. thank you.
-I've gotta ask you.
did you base this story
on your real life too?
Please say yes.
-So the book is true.
Lindy: You know. Jenna.
I just think everyone
does their best writing
when they're not worried
what other people think.
Lulu:
That's the office upstairs.
-I thought she was
at the gray house.
-So did I.
Jenna: Lindy Littlejohn.
thank you so much
for being here.
-Oh. thank you. Jenna.
It's been wonderful
talking to you.
Jenna: Please turn the story
into a book.
-I'll think about it.
Okay. Bye-bye.
-[laughs]
-Ha!
Ha! I killed it.
[laughs]
-You have to write the book.
-Oh. my God. I feel like
I have another chance.
I could write something.
I could write something great.
-You already have.
-Yes. Les supported me.
but I wrote.
I am a writer. Right?
-I'm here.
I could support you.
-I feel like me again.
Richie. this is...
[excited screams]
Like. where have I been?
You know. like I--
I've been here the whole time
and it's like. I forgot.
I forgot. I was right here.
I'm a writer.
Wait. are you crying?
-No.
[sniffles] A little.
-Me too.
Hoo!
[whimsical music playing]
-Mom? Mom.
[whimsical music continues]
Lulu: "By Jackie Baldwin"?
What the fuck?
[dramatic music playing]
[Les snoring]
[knocks]
-[continue snoring]
[security device beeps]
Martin: Les.
[clatters]
-Were you here all night?
[phone chimes. buzzing]
-Uh. oh. shit. Lindy.
Wait. what time is it?
Martin: Oh. okay.
So you knew.
So everything's okay. then?
-Yeah. Yeah.
I admit there's a little
something between us.
but nothing happened.
We had a breakthrough.
-Oh. well. she looked great
on the "Today" show.
-Vivienne?
-Lindy.
-Lindy?
-Vivienne?
-Who's on what?
-Lindy was on the "Today" show
this morning.
-How--How did she--
what did she look like?
What? What? What?!
[suspenseful music playing]
[softly] Lindy.
Lindy.
Lindy. where are you?
Lindy: Right here. Les.
And I can take care
of myself.
-Yeah. Clearly. You're on
the fucking "Today" show.
I'm worried sick.
I'm working all night
and poof. you're writing again?
You're a viral sensation.
Who knew? Not me.
-Poof. I'm six inches tall.
Keeping secrets was your idea.
-I think you're taking
that to the extreme.
-You're delusional.
Les: I can't lose you. Lindy.
I can't.
-No more traps. Les.
-Lindy? Is that you?
Lindy: Oh. shit.
-Mom!
-Dad?
Les: Oh. no. Oh. no.
-What--what's going on?
Oh. my God. Grandma.
Is she dead?
-No. she just fainted.
Quickly. run to the pharmacy.
Get some bromides.
-What the fuck are bromides?
-I--Google it.
She's having one of her spells.
-Grandma has spells?
-Yes. She's--she's--She's old.
Hurry up!
Hurry. hurry. hurry.
[door closes]
-Mom.
Okay. Mom.
Okay. Mom. Oh.
Here we go. Mom?
Mom. it's okay.
Hey. Mom. Hey.
-[Nancy groans]
-Mom.
Hey.
Hey. it's okay.
You just fainted.
-[labored breathing]
-Yeah.
-I saw--I saw her.
-Saw who. Mom?
-Lindy.
She was so small.
-Yeah. Lindy's not here.
Remember. Mom?
-I saw her.
Like--Like a little doll.
She was--
she was like a real life
little Lindy doll.
-I think you mean one
of Lulu's little dolls. Mom.
-No. no. no.
I know what I saw. And I...
-Yeah.
-I saw her on TV too.
-No.
-Lulu.
-No. no.
Lulu's not here either. Mom.
Lulu's not here. I think
you're a little confused.
-No. I'm not confused.
-Yeah.
-You're lying to me.
I am your mother.
Tell me the truth.
-Okay. Okay.
Um. yeah. Come on. Come on.
Let's sit down.
Come on. Mom. Come on.
-What?
-Just sit. sit.
So. um. okay. So. um--
Okay. So this is--this is hard.
-What?
-This is hard.
But the truth.
-Yeah.
-The truth is...
-Mm-hmm.
-...um. that I put a painkiller
in your tea
and hallucinations
are a side effect.
So there is no tiny Lindy.
-You what?
-Yeah.
-Why? When?
-Because of your back.
Because I know
it's been bothering you
and I wanted you to relax
and. yeah.
-You--you drugged me?
What kind of son
drugs his own mother?
-Concerned son. Mom.
-No. no. no. no.
You're not sorry.
You are manipulating
and controlling and a liar.
You are without a doubt
your father's son.
which breaks my fucking heart.
-What?
-Oh.
-Whoa. what?
-I failed. I'm guilty.
I mean. I tried.
I tried to protect you
from this.
-From--from what?
-From becoming your father.
-My--well. I--
I'd say you overdid it.
Nancy: Huh.
-Because I was invisible.
Huh? And I still am.
Yeah. That's what fucking
drives me and that's fine.
But Dad is a kind and fair...
-An asshole...
who keeps me on a tight leash.
But I have made my peace
with that.
And my marriage
is not your marriage.
Oh. whatever you have done
to Lindy.
and I mean.
whatever you have done to her.
she is not me.
She needs to be off the leash.
She needs to be free.
out of anyone's control.
Now. I don't know
what you are hiding.
but you are not remodeling.
And if you are lying to me.
I bet the farm you are
lying to her and yourself.
-Mom. Mom. I love you.
-No. no.
You love you.
What is it your Dr. Carmichael
says? "Dig deep."
If I were you.
I'd start digging deeper
than you've ever dug before.
Find the truth.
Keep on lying. keep on burying
and you will lose her
if you haven't already.
-But she was going to leave me.
It was an accident.
-No. there are no accidents.
Isn't that a chapter
in your doctor's book?
Tell her. Tell her what you did.
Tell Lindy everything.
Because until you are honest.
you are fucked. dear.
[tense music playing]
Les: [muffled]
Uh. and the truth is--
the truth is that.
I was--
and that's the complete
and honest truth of it.
And I love you. Lindy.
And I need you. Lindy.
And I miss you.
[knocks on door]
[car door opens]
-Where's Grandma?
-Uh...
she... [sobs]
She left.
-This isn't about Grandma.
is it?
-[sobbing]
-Mom left you.
-She left us. didn't she?
-[continue sobbing]
["Dance of the Sugar
Plum Fairy" playing]
Les [on recording]: I am trying
to hear you and see you.
and be honest with you.
if you're ever
going to forgive me.
And the truth is--
the truth is
that I was scared
you were going to leave me
and I didn't wanna lose you.
And so. um...
I miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
And that's the complete
and honest truth.
I miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
Miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
Miniaturized you...
on purpose.
[echoing] I did it.
On purpose. I did it.
I miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
Miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
Miniaturized you...
on purpose.
I did it.
On purpose. I did it.
Miniaturized you...
on purpose.
-[gasping]
[grunts]
[thuds]
[breathing furiously]
["Dance of the Sugar
Plum Fairy" continues]
Les: ...miniaturized you
on purpose. I did it.
[music continues]
[music ends]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today